DAN: Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission
to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up
with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger
and brings us closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension Controllers
to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
[\u266a]
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
GUS (out of breath): I have nowhere left to go.
I'm beaten and broken.
Please, give me a sign.
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: So...
you see it too, do you?
You've been chosen...
Join me and fight for a new world.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Taste Of Defeat\".
[\u266a]
GUS: Thank you for meeting here
on such short notice.
Yeah, yeah... Cut to the chase.
All I can say is this better be important.
I'm sure Gus has a good reason...
Right, Gus?
Why have you dragged us here?
You should know...
You're here because all of you have failed.
Whaddya mean by that, Freak?
As I have said.
You're asking for it.
Gus means that...
from now on we can not afford to lose another battle.
Look, next time...
I'll demolish them before they can load their gauntlets.
Didn't you lose...
three Bakugan to them?
What's your point?
MYLENE: Stop bickering you fools.
SPECTRA: That's it!
If I may speak... Master Spectra...
Go ahead Gus...
Please allow me to go next...
I will prove to you that this upstart Brawler Resistance
can be beaten.
[\u266a]
[grumble] Spectra's little pet.
This is so nice
it's tempting to think the whole Vestal thing
is just a dream.
Well don't get too carried away or you'll wake up
to find yourself in a nightmare.
He's right...
So here, Dan...
This should help you against the Vexos.
What is it?
A Bakugan Trap.
What the...
[loud thunderclap]
Come, Bakugan Trap... Aqua Tripod Theta!
MYLENE: Tripod Theta is a powerful ancient Bakugan
long thought extinct.
But thanks to Vestal science
we have revived him as a Trap Bakugan.
I remember Mylene used one of those in our battle.
MIRA: It's called Scorpion.
... This is so Cool.
He's not even round.
DRAGO: It's an honour to meet you, Scorpion.
What's the matter, dude? A little shy?
To be honest, we're still learning
about the Trap Bakugan, Dan...
But it seems like they're unable
or unwilling to talk to us.
Well I think they probably use another form of communication.
It's okay. We'll figure it out.
Howdja like to join our team, pal?
DAN: Okay then!
Let's blow the dust off and get a little training in...
Okay Drago... Let's go!
DRAGO: Right!
There...
Why don't we start off with a little triple ability?
DRAGO: Sounds good to me...
What's up, Scorpion?
I think he senses something coming.
[\u266a]
What the...
Careful, Dan. This doesn't feel right.
[quiet growl]
That's a fine Bakugan you have.
He sure is...
I mean, what are you doing here?
I'm hiking through the area
to collect and study soil samples.
And who are you?
I'm with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resi...
Dan!
I mean, we're here to save the Bakugan...
Nice save...
Interesting...
But why...
are you so concerned with Bakugan?
They're my friends.
But what's in it for you?
Whaddya mean?
You don't know why you battle.
You're an amateur.
Amateur?!
Maybe you're just some kind of mindless do-gooder...
Or maybe you're hungry for power.
No way, man.
Then what's the answer to my question?
It's more... complicated.
GUS: Battling without purpose is meaningless!
Hang on...
Who are you anyway?
GUS: I too am interested in the future of the Bakugan...
For my own personal reasons.
[grumbling]
Catch you later...
Dan Kuso.
What's that guy's damage?
DRAGO: And how did he know your name?
[\u266a]
You're back.
What did you find out from your encounter
with the Resistance?
GUS: Their newest battle brawler
is nothing more than an amateur.
Be careful, Gus...
Don't underestimate Dan Kuso.
He is nothing but a child.
He may prove to be our greatest opponent.
Then it's also possible
that he could prove to be our greatest ally.
You, and only you, could bring our two worlds together.
I will make them understand.
GUS: If only I could make
the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance
experience the light I saw that day...
ANNOUNCER: And now Brawlers,
is the battle you've been waiting for...
Top Ranked Bad Boy with a Bakugan, Spectra!
And the fastest rising star of New Vestroia, Gus!
General Quasar plus Melt Stream!
Don't think you can intimidate me...
with your Double Ability!
Ability Activate!
Viblow!
Now, Triple Ability.
Plus, Fusion Ability Activate!
Omega!
Combination Fusion Ability?
Impossible!
[\u266a]
No... Vu-vulcan...
[chuckle]
You never stood a chance against me.
[groaning]
GUS: I have nowhere left to go.
I'm beaten and broken.
Spectra was absolutely right...
I was completely outclassed by his power.
Show me a sign.
The eyes.
They're shining!
SPECTRA: So... you see it too, do you?
GUS: Yes.
You have been chosen...
Join me and we'll fight...
for a new world, Gus.
Together we will remake New Vestroia.
What shall it be, Gus?
Do you dare grab the future for your own?
GUS: From that moment on,
I was committed to Master Spectra
and his vision of a united New Vestroia.
Bakugan Battles were no longer just a game to me
but a means to a very important end.
With each battle I would help build a world
more beautiful and powerful than ever imagined.
Together, with Master Spectra,
anything is possible!
Premo Vulcan!
We are now in the service of Spectra!
MIRA: You think he was a member of Vexos?
MARUCHO: He sounds strange enough
to be a member of that crew.
Yeah... Too true.
So tell us what happened.
Did he mess with your mind?
He sure tried to...
But I was too smooth for him.
ALL: Ahh!
Look out there!
Tell me Dan Kuso!
Have you found your answer yet?
Why do you Bakugan Brawl?
DAN: We'll be right back with more brawling action!
GUS: Stay tuned.
My master, Spectra, has plans for you.
No more silly disguises?
No more...
My real name is Gus Grav...
My master Spectra sends his regards.
Careful...
He's the number two Vexos.
Just second best?
I'm tired of your head games, Gus.
This is no game...
I fight to protect my friends and you can't stop me.
You are so naive, Dan.
That's it!
Let's see if you brawl as big as you talk...
Come on!
As you wish.
Don't let him get to you, Dan.
He's tricky.
Spank him, down Master Dan!
Show him you're the best brawler in the universe!
Beware of overconfidence, Baron.
Looks like their friendly, little game...
...Just got serious!
BOTH: Alright, Gauntlet, Power Strike!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Premo Vulcan Stand!
Together we'll crush the Resistance,
Subterra PremoVulcan!
VULCAN: Oh mighty Terra...
...Give me your irresistible power!
MIRA: Subterra Premo Vulcan
may be a bigger problem than we thought!
GAUNTLET: Battlefield Open.
A power level of five hundred?
That's right...
Now, Premo Vulcan!
Enough talk!
Fine by me!
Drago!
[laughs]
You guys are so far out of your league it's sad!
Then I guess it's time to stop holding back!
Gate Card Open!
Pyrus Reactor!
This should even the odds.
GAUNTLET: Power Level Increase
DAN: And now for my next trick!
Double Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
DAN: Fire Tornado plus Burning Dragon!
GAUNTLET: Drago Power level Increase
DAN: This will take you down to size!
Bring on the heat, Drago!
[loud roar]
Nice try...
Ability Activate!
Heavy Aigis!
VULCAN: Time to play fire extinguisher!
DRAGO: Unbelievable!
Are you kidding?
He should be molten slag!
[laughs] Premo Vulcan's body
is made from New Vestroia's
most indestructible metal.
And when Heavy Aigis is activated,
that defense is amplified a hundred-fold,
making your pitiful attack useless.
I think it's time for your first lesson in true power...
Learn it well.
Ability Activate.
Titan Knuckle!
VULCAN: Do you concede defeat?
I will never back down!
Then I'll make you bow.
What the..?
[\u266a]
Drago...!
DAN: They're five hundred points apart!
I could lose Drago!
GUS: Welcome to the big leagues kid.
Terra itself gives Premo Vulcan strength.
You can't resist.
Think!
Drago's toast if I don't do something...
right now!
It's called Scorpion...
DAN: This better work.
I'm counting on you, Pyrus Scorpion!
[loud screech]
DAN: That ought to even the odds a bit.
GAUNTLET: Drago power level increase...
So...
You think you can use a Bakugan Trap.
Oh, I'm full of surprises...
Double Ability Activate.
Time to knock Premo Vulcan down to size.
He won't be able to use his arms!
Don't forget...Premo Vulcan is still able to fly.
Not after this.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
DAN: Burning Dragon! Plus, Satellite Boost!
Try aiming-- Huh?
AHH!
Bullseye!
GAUNTLET: Drago, Scorpion Power Level 1050.
GUS: Not bad.
Not bad at all.
I like how you used Premo Vulcan's blind spot
to sneak in your little attack.
DRAGO: Your patronizing attitude
is starting to annoy me.
My apologies...
I was merely trying to encourage you...
This battle is not over.
It's just begun.
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate, Pyrus Durance!
GAUNTLET: Drago, Scorpion Power Level 750.
[Drago screams]
They're out! Oh no!
GAUNTLET: Life Gauge 350.
Lesson one:
Never take your opponent's defeat for granted...
There's always a chance they might have one or two more
cards up their sleeve.
Let's get down to business, shall we?
Dan Kuso,
It's time for me to show you how the big boys play.
[laughs] Sounds good to us.
Right, Drago?
DRAGO: Right!
Go PremoVulcan!
[roar]
It's up to you, Drago!
And don't forget...
Scorpion Stand!
Gate Card Open...
Subterra Reactor.
I'll show you the true power of a Bakugan Trap...
Hexados Stand!
Ability Activate.
Ray Drill!
GAUNTLET: Hexados Power Level 550.
Ability Activate!
Reflection Boost!
GAUNTLET: Power Level Decrease.
... Big deal...
Now to prove what an amateur you are.
You can't beat what you can't see!
DAN: Oh man...
MARUCHO: Did Hexados run away?
ACE: No! Listen!
MIRA: Look out!
GAUNTLET: Scorpion eliminated.
DAN: Scorpion!
Scorpion!
He went down hard!
Be careful Dan...
Your Life Gauge is low!
You need to turn this around quick!
Drago can't face both of them alone!
Drago's never alone!
Triple Ability Activate!
Oh No! You can't!
DAN: Burning Dragon.
GAUNTLET: Drago increase 200.
GUS: My life meter's dropping!
Yeeeeeah! Crunch him, Dan!
Amateur, huh?
Burning Tornado plus Fusion Ability Pyrus Slayer!
GAUNTLET: Drago Power Level one one zero zero.
GUS: H-He's using a Triple Ability!
This Drago may be almost as powerful as Helios!
What's the next lesson?
Lucky shot...You can dish it out but can you take it?
Ability Activate!
Viblow!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Vulcan Power Level eight zero zero.
DAN: Keep fighting, Drago!
[roaring]
Huh? Nothing?
GUS: You don't understand do you, Dan?
I cannot lose.
Victory is my destiny.
My master Spectra...
has promised to change the world and I'm going to help.
New Vestroia isn't yours to change.
And Bakugan aren't slaves!
Your destiny is a lie!
Fool, we all serve Master Spectra...
And soon...
You and Drago will bow before him.
No way!
That'll never happen!
GUS: There's no use fighting, Dan.
Spectra is leading us all into a new future with him...
And Premo Vulcan and I will rule at his side.
You're crazy.
Enough insolence.
Ability Activate!
Drill Impact!
You battle for friendship but I battle for power.
Drago!
GUS: That is why you'll never be good enough to defeat me!
Say goodbye, Dan Kuso.
Dan! Look out!
So ends the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
DAN: Just in time, partner.
Behind you!
GAUNTLET: Drago, Power Level decrease two zero zero.
[\u266a]
Drago's down!
It's okay...
At least Drago won't be taken...
The Power Level difference is too low.
GAUNTLET: Life Meter: Zero. Winner: Gus.
I can't believe Master Dan lost.
It's like I told you... Friendship doesn't matter.
Power does.
Thanks to Master Spectra
I am now more than a Bakugan Brawler...
Give up while you still can.
GUS: I have brought you victory, my master.
As promised.
You have done well, Gus...
You have brought pride back to the Vexos.
LYNC: Looks like the weasel won after all.
VOLT: Who cares?
SHADOW: Yeah! Yeah! Whatever.
MYLENE: It's not quite over yet.
Dan?
It's okay, Master.
MIRA: Gus is the Vexos Number Two Brawler, after all.
True.
Even I might have had some trouble beating him.
Oh yeah!
That was the best Bakugan Brawl ever!
What?
Well, I guess so.
The only way to get better...
is to battle the best.
We'll show him next time!
We're gonna practice night and day.
ACE: I've never seen anyone so happy to lose.
DRAGO: Daniel is a true brawler.
DAN: Gus Grav almost took Drago away
but close isn't good enough for Spectra!
This time it's double trouble when they both
challenge us to a brawl.
Drago and I are always up for a battle
but these guys are tough!
Say goodbye to Drago forever!
DAN: We're going to need a miracle to get out of this one.
Trust me.
You don't want to miss this!
Bakugan... Brawl!
I'll see you then.